Update eventlistener doc to include eventlistener responsibility (#721)
tektoncd/triggers: docs/eventlisteners.md

    - [Interceptors](#interceptors)
- [Logging](#logging)
- [Labels](#labels)

> - [EventListener Liabilities](#eventlistener-liabilities)

Reviewer: Maybe we just call this section "How does the EventListener work?"

Author: Done

- `namespace` - Refers to the namespace of the EventListener
- `eventID` - Refers to the uniqueID that gets assigned to each incoming request

## How does the EventListener work?

By now its clear that what are the configuration file for an `EventListener` with `Required` and `Optional` fields explanation.

Lets understand how EventListener works with sample Github example

> Create a sample GitHub example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create a sample GitHub example
```

```bash
kubectl create -f https://github.com/tektoncd/triggers/tree/master/examples/github
```

> Once creation is success we see a new `Deployment` and `Service` running with the help of `kubectl` command line tool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Once the EventListener is created,  the Triggers controller will create a new `Deployment` and `Service` for the EventListener. We can use `kubectl` to see them running:
```

```bash
kubectl get deployment
NAME                             READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
el-github-listener-interceptor   1/1     1            1           11s

kubectl get svc
NAME                             TYPE        CLUSTER-IP      EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)    AGE
el-github-listener-interceptor   ClusterIP   10.99.188.140   <none>        8080/TCP   52s
```

> It indicates that EventListener code take all information from eventlistener yaml file which are listed in [Syntax](https://github.com/tektoncd/triggers/blob/master/docs/eventlisteners.md#syntax), [Lables](https://github.com/tektoncd/triggers/blob/master/docs/eventlisteners.md#labels)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Triggers controller uses fields from the EventListener's `spec` (which is described in the [Syntax](https://github.com/tektoncd/triggers/blob/master/docs/eventlisteners.md#syntax) section, as well as [`metadata.labels`](https://github.com/tektoncd/triggers/blob/master/docs/eventlisteners.md#labels)
```

> and also hardcode some of the information like `Image, Name, Port` etc... to create **Deployment** and **Service**, So its the responsibility of eventlistener to create Deployment and Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in addition to some pre-configured information like (container `Image`, `Name`, `Port`) to create the **Deployment** and **Service**. ```

> and also hardcode some of the information like `Image, Name, Port` etc... to create **Deployment** and **Service**, So its the responsibility of eventlistener to create Deployment and Service.

Reviewer: Probably worth adding:

We follow a naming convention when creating these resources. An EventListener named `foo` will create a deployment and a service both named `el-foo`.

> Once all the resources are up and running user can get URL and access it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once all the resources are up and running user can get a URL to send webhook events to. This URL points to the service created above and points to the deployment.
```
